FFWEB-1141 Added documentation for `ff-filter-cloud` (#205)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-filter-cloud.md

as many groups as you need, separated by commas. The values must correspond to the group name or associatedFieldName property returned by FACT-Finder.

### Setup
This example will blacklist all filters applied by the `Price` and `Size` groups.
```html
<ff-filter-cloud blacklist="Price,Size">
    <div>
         <span data-template="filter">{{group.name}}: {{element.name}}</span>
    </div>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

## Whitelist
If you want to exclusively specify each filter group, you can use the `whitelist` attribute. Like in blacklist, you may specify 
as many groups as you need, separated by commas. The values must correspond to the group name or associatedFieldName property returned by FACT-Finder.

### Setup
This example will whitelist only filters applied by the `Gender` and `Category` groups.
```html
<ff-filter-cloud whitelist="Gender,Category">
    <div>
         <span data-template="filter">{{group.name}}: {{element.name}}</span>
    </div>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

## Filter click
There is only one delegated `click` listener for the filter elements and it is attached to `ff-filter-cloud` itself. Click events on filter items bubble up to `ff-filter-cloud` 

> and are processed there. By default, clicking on a filter item removes it. Users can attach their own `click` listener and call `event.stopPropagation()` to prevent default behavior. 

Reviewer: For consistency.
```suggestion
and are processed there. By default, clicking on a filter item removes it. You can attach your own `click` listener and call `event.stopPropagation()` to prevent default behavior. 
```

See the example below that shows how to create a filter element with clickable 'x' button:
```html
<style>
    .btn-deselect {

>         cursor: pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        cursor: pointer;
```

    }
    .filter {

>         cursor:default;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        cursor: default;
```

## Using the Filter Cloud
You can use the Filter Cloud by adding one line to your HTML code.
```html
<ff-filter-cloud></ff-filter-cloud>
```

> Doing so will cause the Filter Cloud to use default HTML template, that is `<span data-template="filter">{{element.name}}</span>`, for all filters. Filter Cloud is meant to be used together with ASN, so it will work only when `ff-asn` is present on the page.

Author: Fixed.

### Rendered HTML
When setup like in the example above, the rendered HTML could look like this:
```html
<ff-filter-cloud>
    <span data-template="filter">Element 1</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Element 2</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Element 3</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Element 4</span>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

## Adding a filter template

> To customize filter element appearance, you can add an HTML element annotated with `[data-template-filter]`. You can access the filter group's name through `{{group.name}}`:

Author: Fixed.

```html
<ff-filter-cloud>
    <span data-template="filter">{{group.name}}: {{element.name}}</span>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

> ### Rendered HTML

Reviewer: When using `### Rendered HTML`, you also need `### Setup`. The next setup is currently under the previous _Rendered_ section. See [specifications](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/feature-lab/blob/ff-filter-cloud/specs/ff-asn-selected-filter-cloud/ff-asn-selected-filter-cloud.md#specifying-templates).

Author: Fixed.

When setup like in the example above, the rendered HTML could look like this:
```html
<ff-filter-cloud>
    <span data-template="filter">Group 1: Element 1</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Group 2: Element 2</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Group 3: Element 3</span>
    <span data-template="filter">Group 4: Element 4</span>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

> Custom filter template can be used with some additional custom HTML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom filter template can be used with some additional custom HTML:
```

Author: Fixed.

```html
<ff-filter-cloud>
    <h4>The Filter Cloud</h4>

    <div>
        <div>Custom above</div>
        
        <div data-template="filter" class="filter-element">
            <span>{{group.name}}: {{element.name}}</span><span> ×</span>
        </div>
        
        <div>Custom below</div>
  </div>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

### Rendered HTML
When setup like in the example above, the rendered HTML could look like this:
```html
<ff-filter-cloud>
    <h4>The Filter Cloud</h4>

    <div>
        <div>Custom above</div>
        
        <div data-template="filter" class="filter-element">
            <span>Group 1: Element 1</span><span> ×</span>
        </div>
        <div data-template="filter" class="filter-element">
            <span>Group 2: Element</span><span> ×</span>
        </div>
        <div data-template="filter" class="filter-element">
            <span>Group 3: Element 3</span><span> ×</span>
        </div>

        <div>Custom below</div>
    </div>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

> **NOTE** If no element annotated with `[data-template-filter]` is specified, a console warning will be displayed and any existing HTML will be replaced with default template. This also applies to default `ff-filter-could` setup.

Reviewer: Specifications have been [updated](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/feature-lab/blob/ff-filter-cloud/specs/ff-asn-selected-filter-cloud/ff-asn-selected-filter-cloud.md#directives).

Also: `[data-template=filter]`

Author: Fixed.

## Filter click

> There is only one delegated `click` listener for the filter elements and if is attached to the `ff-filter-cloud` itself. Click events on filter items bubble up to `ff-filter-cloud` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is only one delegated `click` listener for the filter elements and it is attached to `ff-filter-cloud` itself. Click events on filter items bubble up to `ff-filter-cloud` 
```
The line breaks aren't really necessary. If you want to use line breaks, put them in between sentences. This will create beautiful diffs.

Author: Changing `if` -> `it` is OK, but I'd keep `the`. Without a preposition it sounds... bizarre.

Reviewer: It doesn't sound strange if you think of the elements' names as proper nouns. You wouldn't write _"is attached to THE `John Doe`"_. But as we are not consistent with this yet (see [header nav](https://web-components.fact-finder.de/api/3.x/ff-header-navigation)), it doesn't really matter here. Just consider that in the following sentence it is _"...bubble up to `ff-filter-cloud`"_

Author: You are right. I never considered it as a name...

> and are processed there. By default, clicking on the filter removes it. Users can attach their own `click` and set `e.stopPropagation()` to prevent default behavior. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and are processed there. By default, clicking on a filter item removes it. Users can attach their own `click` listener and call `event.stopPropagation()` to prevent default behavior. 
```

Author: Fixed.

See the example below that shows how to create a filter element with clickable 'x' button:

> ```html

Reviewer: Simplifying this example would be beneficial to users I think. For example:
```html
<script>
    function userOnClick(event) {
        if (!event.target.classList.contains("btn-deselect")) {
            event.stopPropagation();
        }
    }
</script>
<ff-filter-cloud unresolved>
    <div data-template="filter" style="cursor: default" onclick="userOnClick(event)">
        <span style="cursor: default">{{element.name}}</span> <span class="btn-deselect" style="cursor: pointer">×</span>
    </div>
</ff-filter-cloud>
```

Author: OK, I'll use it.

> ## Using the Filter Cloud

Author: Please, take a look now. Should by OK.

You can use the Filter Cloud by adding one line to your HTML code. Doing so will cause the Filter Cloud to use a default HTML template,
that is `<span data-template="filter">{{element.name}}</span>`, for all filters. Filter Cloud is meant to be used together with ASN,
so it will work only when `ff-asn` is present on the page.

## Specifying templates
### Setup
Leaving the element completely empty makes it possible to omit the otherwise required `data-template="filter"` template. A default template will be applied.
```html
<ff-filter-cloud></ff-filter-cloud>

> ```

Author: Good point. I changed it, please take a look now.

## Overview
Filter Cloud displays all filters that are currently selected through `ff-asn`. As the component is meant to be used together with ASN, it will work only when `ff-asn` is present on the page.

## Specifying templates

### Setup
You can use `ff-filter-cloud` by adding one line to your HTML code:
```html
<ff-filter-cloud></ff-filter-cloud>
```

> Leaving the element completely empty makes it possible to omit the otherwise required `data-template="filter"` template. A default template will be applied for all filters:

Reviewer: _[Nice to have]_
`data-template="filter"` hasn't been introduced yet at this point and might be confusing for someone who reads this article without any prior knowledge about this component. As the possibility of omission is properly explained further below, it can safely be removed here.

Author: Please, check now.
